Add IL3002 (#23808)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/il3002.md

---
title: "IL3002: Avoid calling members annotated with 'RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute' when publishing as a single file (code analysis)"
description: "Members annotated with 'RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute' require assembly files to be on disk"

> ms.date: 15/04/2020

Reviewer: ms.date is in month/day/year format. I also corrected the year

```suggestion
ms.date: 04/15/2021
```

ms.topic: reference
author: mateoatr
ms.author: matorre
f1_keywords:
  - "IL3002"
  - "RequiresAssemblyFiles"
---
# IL3002: Avoid calling members annotated with 'RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute' when publishing as a single file.

## Cause

When publishing as a single-file (for example, by setting the PublishSingleFile property in a project to true), calling members annotated with the `RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute` attribute might be unsafe, given that members annotated with this attribute require assembly files to be on disk and the assemblies embedded in a single-file are memory loaded.

## How to fix violations

> Consider removing the violating call.

Reviewer 2: The message displayed from the attribute should contain helpful info - so we should mention that user should do both - try to remove the call, or adapt the code according to the message.

---
title: "IL3002: Avoid calling members annotated with 'RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute' when publishing as a single file (code analysis)"
description: "Members annotated with 'RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute' require assembly files to be on disk"
ms.date: 04/15/2021
ms.topic: reference
author: mateoatr
ms.author: matorre
f1_keywords:
  - "IL3002"
  - "RequiresAssemblyFiles"
---
# IL3002: Avoid calling members annotated with 'RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute' when publishing as a single file.

## Cause

> When publishing as a single-file (for example, by setting the PublishSingleFile property in a project to true), calling members annotated with the `RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute` attribute might be unsafe, given that members annotated with this attribute require assembly files to be on disk and the assemblies embedded in a single-file are memory loaded.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When publishing an app as a single file (for example, by setting the `PublishSingleFile` property in a project to `true`), calling members annotated with the `RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute` attribute might be unsafe. These calls can be unsafe because members annotated with this attribute require assembly files to be on disk, and the assemblies embedded in a single-file app are memory loaded.
```

## How to fix violations

Members annotated with the 'RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute' attribute have a message intended to give useful information to users who are publishing as a single file. Consider adapting existing code to the attribute's message or removing the violating call.

## When to suppress warnings

> It's appropriate to silence the warning when the existing code has been adapted to the recommendation outlined in the 'RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute' attribute's message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's appropriate to suppress the warning when the existing code has been adapted to the recommendation outlined in the 'RequiresAssemblyFilesAttribute' attribute's message.

```
